index.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

# Beginning jQuery — 5 weeks of email courses

<img src='images/beginning-jquery.svg' alt='An illustration for the course' style='float:right; width: 40%;'>

This is a series of lectures that’s delivered via emails.

Throughout the course, I will send you website links for your reading. I will provide code snippets for hacking. There will also be hands-on labs and assignments. 

<a href="https://gum.co/jquery101" class='button'>Check and buy the course.</a> 

## What is email course?

Email course delivers lecture notes into your inbox directly. You learn via reading the links and tutorials on the email. You keep your own pace of learning. 

There will be around 10 emails in total for the course. You’ll receive email for new lecture automatically once a week. If you finish your lecture and would like to read the next one, you may simply click the “Send me next lecture” button to learn more on the next email.

<a href="https://gum.co/jquery101" class='button'>Check and buy the course.</a>

Commit message:

Updated index to add "What you will learn"

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

# Beginning jQuery — 5 weeks of email courses

<img src='images/beginning-jquery.svg' alt='An illustration for the course' style='float:right; width: 40%;'>

This is a series of lectures that’s delivered via emails.

Throughout the course, I will send you website links for your reading. I will provide code snippets for hacking. There will also be hands-on labs and assignments. 

<a href="https://gum.co/jquery101" class='button'>Check and buy the course.</a> 

## What is email course?

Email course delivers lecture notes into your inbox directly. You learn via reading the links and tutorials on the email. You keep your own pace of learning. 

There will be around 10 emails in total for the course. You’ll receive email for new lecture automatically once a week. If you finish your lecture and would like to read the next one, you may simply click the “Send me next lecture” button to learn more on the next email.

## What you will learn

Through out the course, you will learn:

- How jQuery makes use of powerful selector patters to let us apply command to specific DOM elements. 
- The power of class toggling combining with CSS class definitions.
- Handle different events to create interactive web pages.
- Query Internet resources by using it’s very handy `getJSON` method.
- Use plugins to enhance our web pages in elegant way.
- Build tab panels by using basic jQuery show/hide, which is very useful and common action.
- Build a image slideshow that allow animation in different themes.
- Build a simple todo-list that manipulate DOM elements with every thing we learned in this course.
- Finally we’ll create own own plugins to let us reuse and share our own jQuery work.

<a href="https://gum.co/jquery101" class='button'>Check and buy the course.</a>
